Add note about preloading to routing introduction. (#22656)
vercel/next.js: docs/routing/introduction.md

- `/about` → `pages/about.js`
- `/blog/hello-world` → `pages/blog/[slug].js`

> Any `<Link />` in the viewport (initially or through scroll) will be preloaded by default for pages using [Static Generation](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation). Server-rendered routes are _not_ preloaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any `<Link />` in the viewport (initially or through scroll) will be prefetched by default including the corresponding data for pages using [Static Generation](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation). The corresponding data for [server-rendered](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) routes is _not_ prefetched.
```

We should probably stress the data is not prefetched specifically as the needed page bundle is always prefetched by default. Also the router method is called `prefetch` so might be good to stick with that over preload.

Author: 👍 I took the verbiage preloaded from the `next/link` docs. Should we change that, too?

> Any `<Link />` in the viewport (initially or through scroll) will be prefetched by default including the corresponding data for pages using [Static Generation](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation). The corresponding data for [server-rendered](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) routes is _not_ prefetched.

Author: ```suggestion
Any `<Link />` in the viewport (initially or through scroll) will be prefetched by default (including the corresponding data) for pages using [Static Generation](/docs/basic-features/data-fetching.md#getstaticprops-static-generation). The corresponding data for [server-rendered](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching#getserversideprops-server-side-rendering) routes is _not_ prefetched.
```
